gotten a few months anyway Riva oh hi
Hey
well that was interesting the call right
before this it sort of went straight to
the reason that I was calling in a way I
guess the the root of the reason I'm
calling is that obviously there are a
lot of people out there who really
respect your opinion and really look to
you for both of us well I'm addressing
you more although I have a little bit of
an issue with dr. Penske the reason I
was calling booth because of something
you said last week that I thought
crossed a pretty important line or it
was you started off talking about
something that 3% of the population uses
90% of the services or something like
that you were talking about people that
you thought or not worthy of staying on
the planet and that you were going to
get rid of them and it was really we're
talking about people who I guess have a
history of being abusive or violent and
at the same time you had a kid on who
said the cube road with ambulances and
that we were talking about ambulances
going to the same address over and over
and that this was a problem and dr.
Penske said well some of those people
have health problems at that point you
said I don't really care I'm sick of
those people too let's get rid of them
and then you said you know I'm gonna get
a gun and I'm gonna name it Darwin and
if I even see somebody walking down the
street with a limp I'm gonna put a
bullet into that that's my plan you want
to help are you in or are you out
because I'm gonna need foot soldiers
well you know a friend of mine told me
that what I should really do in calling
you is to call and say you know I just
shot my neighbor who had polio because I
thought you were so right on
you know now we're moving in the right
direction well I'm so glad you know and
the really wonderful thing was that
you're sitting there with a doctor who
doesn't open his mouth and say anything
if you remember they immediately went to
commercial when he s couldn't do
anything and then your very next caller
was a woman who had bipolar disorder and
mr. Kroll was first comment was oh she's
beyond the list meaning apparently -
also you know Beto text that's right
listen I I'm sad it's I'm sorry I have
to do it but I got to start thinning the
herd out i ironed it right here in front
of me it's my call - microphone it's
just it's getting a little scary over at
the watering hole that's all I'm saying
and I gotta let the Gators loose in and
out that's Nature's Way right
why Raven what's up with you what's your
problem Oh my problem is advocating the
murder of people with disabilities
doesn't really make me real come on
they're hogging all the good parking
spaces they're taking up precious room
they got those but they got those
toilets it's like a city block inside
that toilet they got with the bar and
everything we could fit four or five
urinals in that space at least and you
know what drew just the other day I sat
on another one I was raised up toilet
seats in my dressing room peed right on
my pants because it's four feet above
the rim of the toilet and the whiz goes
right down into the pants when I'm
trying to go number two it's really
becoming a huge inconvenience for me
Reema
oh my heart is afraid yeah it's tough
it's difficult you realize what it's
like being me peeing in my own pants
having to wait in line of parking
sometimes 20 30 feet away from the
business I'm I'm gonna go to be at a bar
or brothel you know what I'm saying you
know I just want to leave you with the
thought I'm a full-time painter what I'm
working on right now hold on hold on one
second why are all hardest nuts what is
that why did I have to be nuts this is a
completely non productive conversation
you do find why I even tried to do that
you do
you're one of these painters who can't
paint anything except for just junk like
you take a sponge you rolled around and
some paint you throw it at them the
canvas right but maybe you can
appreciate that way you know you
shouldn't push too hard on them because
yeah this is really getting oh please
hey listen your your painter right yeah
you understand artistic license don't
you I understand all right so I don't
tell you what to paint right yes I think
that all I'm trying to do is say that
someone in your position who has the
amount number of people looking up to
you might want to occasionally think
about taking responsibility for what
you're saying but listen Reva here's the
deal and this is uh what makes me so
good at my job
I never think for a second there's
anyone listening and don't care and
don't think anyone looks up to me
and that way I'm free to talk because if
I ever close my eyes and pictured a
bunch of people in wheelchairs looking
up at me or a bunch of any group looking
at me I would stifle myself and then
it'd be but but it
are you not true that if you felt that
people took you seriously about those
comments you would be concerned I
thought if I a female thought that I
genuinely
advocated the elimination threats of
people with disabilities you you do you
think there's any possibility that
anyone really takes you seriously except
the people like Tom play oh when it
comes to something like that yeah it's
gotta be it's it's got to be such a
small fringe percentage yeah then I
don't care and with that anyone who does
I I would I would label as nuts or
stupid but then I simply bow but that's
her concerns it's so some nut up there
that is gonna actually take you
seriously and follow your commands like
kind of Sam or something right listen
responsible for what crazy people
interpret can't wait I think that's the
point let me tell you something my son
is Sam I guess it's all me to do the
killing dog his dog yeah so what are we
gonna do give his dog a good talk and
tell all the dogs I mean all the dogs
when you're screwed up you're screwed up
you can get you can get a message to do
whatever you want so many ways by this
this is for you comedy some of its
summit I'm serious about but I'm not
serious about most of the sounds
particularly okay but answer me this why
are all artists nuts why is that truth
what is that gene what is that I mean
historically present-day
they're all crazy all right we'll take a
little break